framework/vendure/README.md, before:

# Vendure Storefront Data Hooks

UI hooks and data fetching methods built from the ground up for e-commerce applications written in React, that use [Vendure](http://vendure.io/) as a headless e-commerce platform.

## Usage

1. Clone this repo and install its dependencies with `yarn install` or `npm install`
2. Set the Vendure provider and API URL in your `.env.local` file:
   ```
   COMMERCE_PROVIDER=vendure
   NEXT_PUBLIC_VENDURE_SHOP_API_URL=https://demo.vendure.io/shop-api
   NEXT_PUBLIC_VENDURE_LOCAL_URL=/vendure-shop-api
   ```
3. With the Vendure server running, start this project using `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`.

## Known Limitations

1. Vendure does not ship with built-in wishlist functionality.
2. Nor does it come with any kind of blog/page-building feature. Both of these can be created as Vendure plugins, however.
3. The entire Vendure customer flow is carried out via its GraphQL API. This means that there is no external, pre-existing checkout flow. The checkout flow must be created as part of the Next.js app. See https://github.com/vercel/commerce/issues/64 for further discusion.
4. By default, the sign-up flow in Vendure uses email verification. This means that using the existing "sign up" flow from this project will not grant a new user the ability to authenticate, since the new account must first be verified. Again, the necessary parts to support this flow can be created as part of the Next.js app.

## Code generation

This provider makes use of GraphQL code generation. The [schema.graphql](./schema.graphql) and [schema.d.ts](./schema.d.ts) files contain the generated types & schema introspection results.

When developing the provider, changes to any GraphQL operations should be followed by re-generation of the types and schema files:

From the project root dir, run

```sh
graphql-codegen --config ./framework/vendure/codegen.json
```

Commit message:

Add note in Vendure readme on correct server config for sessions (#417)

framework/vendure/README.md, after:

# Vendure Storefront Data Hooks

UI hooks and data fetching methods built from the ground up for e-commerce applications written in React, that use [Vendure](http://vendure.io/) as a headless e-commerce platform.

## Usage

1. Clone this repo and install its dependencies with `yarn install` or `npm install`
2. Set the Vendure provider and API URL in your `.env.local` file:
   ```
   COMMERCE_PROVIDER=vendure
   NEXT_PUBLIC_VENDURE_SHOP_API_URL=https://demo.vendure.io/shop-api
   NEXT_PUBLIC_VENDURE_LOCAL_URL=/vendure-shop-api
   ```
3. With the Vendure server running, start this project using `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`.

**Note:** The Vendure server needs to be configured to use the "cookie" tokenMethod rather than "bearer" to work with this provider. For more information see the [Managing Sessions docs](https://www.vendure.io/docs/storefront/managing-sessions/).

## Known Limitations

1. Vendure does not ship with built-in wishlist functionality.
2. Nor does it come with any kind of blog/page-building feature. Both of these can be created as Vendure plugins, however.
3. The entire Vendure customer flow is carried out via its GraphQL API. This means that there is no external, pre-existing checkout flow. The checkout flow must be created as part of the Next.js app. See https://github.com/vercel/commerce/issues/64 for further discusion.
4. By default, the sign-up flow in Vendure uses email verification. This means that using the existing "sign up" flow from this project will not grant a new user the ability to authenticate, since the new account must first be verified. Again, the necessary parts to support this flow can be created as part of the Next.js app.

## Code generation

This provider makes use of GraphQL code generation. The [schema.graphql](./schema.graphql) and [schema.d.ts](./schema.d.ts) files contain the generated types & schema introspection results.

When developing the provider, changes to any GraphQL operations should be followed by re-generation of the types and schema files:

From the project root dir, run

```sh
graphql-codegen --config ./framework/vendure/codegen.json
```
